README.md, before:

# Antigravity: The Project Factory System

> **Transforming raw visions into autonomous project structures.**

---

### 🌐 Language Guides / Panduan Bahasa

- 🇮🇩 **Bahasa Indonesia**: Silakan baca [README-ID.md](README-ID.md) untuk panduan instalasi dan operasional lengkap.
- 🇺🇸 **English**: Please refer to [README-EN.md](README-EN.md) for full installation and operational instructions.

---

Antigravity is an agentic project generation engine. It doesn't just scaffold code; it births a living workspace equipped with a specialized team of subagents, rules, and workflows tailored to your specific context.

## 🌀 The Antigravity Lifecycle

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph "Phase A: The Factory (Template)"
        Start((User Vision)) --> Mulai["/mulai Workflow"]
        Mulai --> OrchT[Orchestrator]
        OrchT --> |Delegate| Interviewer[Interviewer: Discovery]
        Interviewer --> |Synthesize| Context[(personal-context.md)]
        OrchT --> |Delegate| Architect[Architect: Blueprinting]
        Architect --> |Structure| Export[Export to Desktop]
    end

    subgraph "Phase B: The Awakening (Transition)"
        Export --> NewAgent[New Agent Lifecycle]
        NewAgent --> Init["/init Workflow"]
        Init --> Sync[Sync DOCS to .agent/]
        Sync --> Cleanup[Self-Destruct Factory Artifacts]
    end

    subgraph "Phase C: The Operation (Active Project)"
        Cleanup --> OrchA[Orchestrator Active]
        OrchA --> Rules{Registry Enforced}
        Rules --> |Delegation| Subagents[Subagents: Specialist Execution]
        Subagents --> Result([Autonomous Delivery])
    end

    style OrchT fill:#f96,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style OrchA fill:#f96,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style Start fill:#dfd,stroke:#333
    style Result fill:#dfd,stroke:#333
```

## 🛠 Operational Protocols

This system is managed exclusively by the **Orchestrator**.

### 1. In this Template (/mulai)

Run the `/mulai` command to start the Project Factory. The Orchestrator will lead you through a discovery session to define your project's identity and technical needs.

### 2. In the New Project (/init)

When you first open a generated project, run the `/init` command. This will:

- Activate all rules, workflows, and subagents.
- Mirror the knowledge-base and skills.
- Clean up temporary factory files (`DOCS/`, `init.md`).

## 👥 Agent & Skill Registry

The Orchestrator delegates specialized tasks according to this registry:

| Agent                   | Primary Skill(s)                         | Role & Responsibility                                |
| :---------------------- | :--------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------- |
| **Interviewer**   | `brainstorming-pro`, `fact-search`   | Discovery, Vision clarity, and Context synthesis.    |
| **Architect**     | `architecture-visualizer`              | Structural design, tech-stack selection, blueprints. |
| **QA Auditor**    | `context-audit`, `diff-analyzer`     | Validation, integrity checks, and anomaly detection. |
| **Output Editor** | `writing-style`, `linguistic-bridge` | Style harmonization and high-quality messaging.      |

---

*Powered by Antigravity Agentic Framework.*

- **`knowledge-base/`**: A central knowledge hub for storing reference documents (PDF, DOCX, TXT, MD) as context for project creation.

## Quick Start

1. **Provide Context**: Place your project's reference documents into the `knowledge-base/` folder.
2. **Run the Factory**: Use the slash command `/mulai` to trigger the discovery and interview process. The project will be built locally in the `exports/` directory.

## Workflow

The system follows a **Cascading Documentation** approach:
`Knowledge Base` -> `User Profile` -> `Rules` -> `Workflows` -> `Agents Persona`.

Commit message:

docs: add simple and developer installation options to READMEs

README.md, after:

# Antigravity: The Project Factory System

> **Transforming raw visions into autonomous project structures.**

---

### 🌐 Language Guides / Panduan Bahasa

- 🇮🇩 **Bahasa Indonesia**: Silakan baca [README-ID.md](README-ID.md) untuk panduan instalasi dan operasional lengkap.
- 🇺🇸 **English**: Please refer to [README-EN.md](README-EN.md) for full installation and operational instructions.

---

## 📥 How to Get Started

### 🚀 Simple Way (For Everyone)

1. Click the green **Code** button at the top of this GitHub page.
2. Select **Download ZIP** from the menu.
3. Unzip the file and place the folder on your Desktop.

### 💻 Developer Way (Git)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/reimajinasi/antigravity-template.git
cd antigravity-template
```

Antigravity is an agentic project generation engine. It doesn't just scaffold code; it births a living workspace equipped with a specialized team of subagents, rules, and workflows tailored to your specific context.

## 🌀 The Antigravity Lifecycle

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph "Phase A: The Factory (Template)"
        Start((User Vision)) --> Mulai["/mulai Workflow"]
        Mulai --> OrchT[Orchestrator]
        OrchT --> |Delegate| Interviewer[Interviewer: Discovery]
        Interviewer --> |Synthesize| Context[(personal-context.md)]
        OrchT --> |Delegate| Architect[Architect: Blueprinting]
        Architect --> |Structure| Export[Export to Desktop]
    end

    subgraph "Phase B: The Awakening (Transition)"
        Export --> NewAgent[New Agent Lifecycle]
        NewAgent --> Init["/init Workflow"]
        Init --> Sync[Sync DOCS to .agent/]
        Sync --> Cleanup[Self-Destruct Factory Artifacts]
    end

    subgraph "Phase C: The Operation (Active Project)"
        Cleanup --> OrchA[Orchestrator Active]
        OrchA --> Rules{Registry Enforced}
        Rules --> |Delegation| Subagents[Subagents: Specialist Execution]
        Subagents --> Result([Autonomous Delivery])
    end

    style OrchT fill:#f96,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style OrchA fill:#f96,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style Start fill:#dfd,stroke:#333
    style Result fill:#dfd,stroke:#333
```

## 🛠 Operational Protocols

This system is managed exclusively by the **Orchestrator**.

### 1. In this Template (/mulai)

Run the `/mulai` command to start the Project Factory. The Orchestrator will lead you through a discovery session to define your project's identity and technical needs.

### 2. In the New Project (/init)

When you first open a generated project, run the `/init` command. This will:

- Activate all rules, workflows, and subagents.
- Mirror the knowledge-base and skills.
- Clean up temporary factory files (`DOCS/`, `init.md`).

## 👥 Agent & Skill Registry

The Orchestrator delegates specialized tasks according to this registry:

| Agent                   | Primary Skill(s)                         | Role & Responsibility                                |
| :---------------------- | :--------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------- |
| **Interviewer**   | `brainstorming-pro`, `fact-search`   | Discovery, Vision clarity, and Context synthesis.    |
| **Architect**     | `architecture-visualizer`              | Structural design, tech-stack selection, blueprints. |
| **QA Auditor**    | `context-audit`, `diff-analyzer`     | Validation, integrity checks, and anomaly detection. |
| **Output Editor** | `writing-style`, `linguistic-bridge` | Style harmonization and high-quality messaging.      |

---

*Powered by Antigravity Agentic Framework.*

- **`knowledge-base/`**: A central knowledge hub for storing reference documents (PDF, DOCX, TXT, MD) as context for project creation.

## Quick Start

1. **Provide Context**: Place your project's reference documents into the `knowledge-base/` folder.
2. **Run the Factory**: Use the slash command `/mulai` to trigger the discovery and interview process. The project will be built locally in the `exports/` directory.

## Workflow

The system follows a **Cascading Documentation** approach:
`Knowledge Base` -> `User Profile` -> `Rules` -> `Workflows` -> `Agents Persona`.
